I have now made these changes

Testing the Smart Meters feedback to save Energy

The proposed idea is surely not according to the CIF priority themes. The theme that this project is aiming is "improving energy efficiency through community energy management" under smart energy theme line. However, the methodology proposed (actually inside the "Review of State of the Art:" section is not according to the actual aim of this theme. The proposed idea is to purchase totally new smart meters, install them in University/academic premises and then literally by "PLEADGING THE PEOPLE" and by just informing the energy consumption status to each university by a monthly consumption report, and believing that this will reduce the energy consumption. To me, the proposed project does not have any relation to the actual aim of the theme. No actual technical work proposed, neither any scientific task to achieve the smart energy theme line. 


Power Management and voltage control of ADN
project will perform smart integration of DERs and PHEVs with solid state transformer (SST) in ADNs. A framework will be developed for optimum allocation of RERs and PHEVs with SSTs in ADN while considering varying load and generation with an objective to minimize the energy drawn utility grid to charge PHEVs and maximize the amounts of energy fed to it. The hardware validation of the developed framework will be performed on Power Hardware in Loop (PHIL) setup available at IBA Sukkur.

The content sent frequently uses short forms (acronyms) without writing their full forms at all, PHEV, DER, MG, MBE, MAPE, RMSE, PV, DG etc (list goes on). The section "REVIEW OF STATE OF THE ART" starts with a profile of a University and later ended up with the proposal plan without even listing a single state of the art work from the literature. Looks like the named University has state of the art equipment already installed, therefore the PI did not felt any need of looking up the literature for state of the art. The proposal seems like to solve existing problem or improve system of a University which may or may not be generalized to larger extent at national level. The project is more towards encouraging Electronic Vehicles (EV) instead of developing a novel scientific technique. The PI should have written the drawbacks of using EVs as well, because nothing is perfect. EVs are good to use but they have certainly some side effects and drawbacks as well which have not been addressed in the proposal at all. After reading the proposal, it seems like it is aiming to improve the environment of one specific University. The equipment's listed in budget seems to implement a complete EV system at a particular University. The PI university itself seems to have zero involvement in the project.



